is to introduce gila even though this
material for the child
The interesting thing is always to show a
form of work that is already part of the
in the classroom itself so that the
child feel safe and face the art
how work increase process
so it's always interesting to leave a
table without much object a sheet of
so that when she eventually
come and knock down a piece of
Swiss material is basic is easy
find in any situation
a detail is this.
sponge within the cap
any type of residue
she makes the child is not to use
much water which is a characteristic
of the child while working
together to change what makes gila
disassembles where work does not give a
good result so with you and choose and
limits the use of water
then all I'll be even more
essential is to find a way to
quality is with a fundamental resource
from there a first activity
What can we do with the child?
animals
the animals that do not exist here are
United
In this case, here is this chicken d'angola
municio proposes a way for the child to
if a ball
I avoid getting too tired.
time in my hand that's why I
always after a while I announced
eventually modest clay and left
on the table to avoid contact of the
heat of our hand
from that ball I'm going to do something
like a beak I always remember
something like a chicken's thigh and it's
common in conversation with the child
depending on the age and I resort to
some form familiar to her
mainly in the food area
so I really speak the thigh is a
croquette the kibble to what the child already has
a direct perception facilitating of air
logically with time I will use a
expects a cylinder of a shape
essentially simple and it is through
exactly the simple way I have
that make the child think of the
object to be built had not not
I'm building and immediately
chicken build a ball and from there
I go detail year and the child goes in
thinking of building this photo then
Build this pussy and I'll put
call there I'll go the other way
In this case I can already hit on the
piece of wood so that it does not have to
continue to work with your hands or
all the time
is a construction that has always been
running the water only the tips of the fingers
realizing
when I have more the way I go
make a little pussy is using the tip
of the finger and if that's left
I'm going to make the chicken child
It is not always essential water sometimes
it is necessary to reduce a little force
At the end of time water does not solve
everything if you the excess plant does not pass
remove excess water from the
but here I already built this
Piece is just that
after drying two or three days
I have a one piece that can be
painted or burned that the process of
peace that there is any piece that
durable but this feature does not have at all
place and then I can partly there
for painting is a process that also
requires a little discipline that I
I have to paint each color more matches
dark for more light and phases
different hope and on top of the other